---
title: P10S
---

# general notes
- the acting MT should get a little help from healers, and the other tank if possible, for the yeet tank busters since they take a couple of autos in addition to the bleed
- silkspit needs a tiny bit of mit, but nothing crazy. divine veil/shake it off are great for this!
- i think the snapshot for the first 1 plat AOEs are tied to the touchdown cast bar
- try and give the tanks an extra heal or one small mit during turrets. don't go overboard since there are 2 tank busters directly after this.
- for the dividing wings after bonds 3, give the person tethered to the east platform a regen and/or shield. the tether gives them a bleed, and sometimes they will die before the healers can reach them from the opposite side of the arena.
- if you tank LB3 harrowing hell, use it after the 4th hit. it is better to use it a little too late than a little too early.
- the parted plumes AOE becomes active faster than you think. stay out of middle when it's about to appear.
---

# how to survive bonds 3 as a healer ("plan A")
plan A in P10S is simple:
- the party fails bonds 3
- the healer survives
- the healer uses LB3 to keep going

it's important to know how to run away from people and survive this as healer. as long as you don't have the 4 person stack debuff, you can save the pull. i have become extremely twitchy with this fight, and if i see anyone die for any reason, i instantly run away. that's really all there is to it.

if anyone dies and you as a healer do not have the 4 person stack, just avoid everyone else. if people die, you can try and shimmy over to the spots left behind that are now free. rejoice in the fact that you can now rip LB3 and save the pull. however, there is one thing you should keep in mind.

## the importance of waiting
there may be people that die by falling off the edge, usually because they're jumping off on purpose to wipe or because the half-room AOE forced them to run off the edge. if you use healer LB3 and those players' bodies have not yet respawned back on the arena, they will remain dead. time is not on your side in this case, since even if the other healer raises them after LB3 goes off, the newly alive player will get hit by touchdown and instantly die.

in order to avoid this, it's important to be aware of the situation and not use LB3 until all players are positioned *somewhere* on the arena. you'll be tight on time, but the pull can still continue in this case.

## raising a healer to use LB3
time is a precious resource that bonds 3 does not give you enough of. if both healers die during the commotion, you can have a SMN/RDM raise one of them to use LB3. because the healer is locked in place for 10 full seconds, however, they will be murdered by touchdown.

the only way to prevent this from happening is to have the other healer rescue the LB healer towards the west side platform. if the rescuing healer has the east side tether, it still might not be enough time.

bonds 3 is a very common place to wipe, so it's important to know how to save pulls where you can. it's worth it even if harrowing hell is too much for the party without tank LB.